Terms and Conditions

Last Modified: September 4, 2021


IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY: These Terms of Use ("Terms") is a legal agreement between you ("you" or "your") and IFrostGames (“Developer”) and governs the use by you while you play Developer's games ("Games" or “Game”) and/or use Developer's websites that link to these Terms of Use ("Websites"), or downloadable games and/or applications ("App") (collectively, the "Services"). By using the Services you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not purchase or use the Services.



BY PURCHASING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.



PLEASE REVIEW DEVELOPER'S PRIVACY POLICY. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS, YOU ARE ALSO ACCEPTING THE PRIVACY POLICY.



CURRENTLY, PROGRESS AND IN-GAME PURCHASES ARE NOT SAVING IN THE CLOUD. IF YOU UNINSTALL THE GAME OR DELETE THE GAME CACHE, PROGRESS AND IN-GAME PURCHASES MAY BE LOST. YOU TOTALLY AGREE TO THIS CONDITION.



1. License and restrictions.

Subject to these Terms, Developer grants you a non-exclusive, limited, revocable, non-transferable license to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not: (a) modify, translate, reverse-engineer, reverse-compile or decompile, disassemble, create derivative works of, or use data gathering or extraction tools in connection with the Services; (b) reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or otherwise exploit the Services, in whole or in part, for any purpose without Developer's express written consent; (c) frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layouts, or forms) without the express written consent of the respective owner; (d) use any data mining tools or automation tools such as spiders, crawlers, scripts, bots, or any automated method of recording information in connection with the Services; (e) use any meta-tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Developer", the names of any Game or related characters, its affiliates, partners or artists without Developer's express written permission; or (f) engage in any conduct in connection with the Services that may be considered illegal or tortious including, without limitation, "hacking" the Services, or infringing the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of Developer or third-parties.



Additionally, where the Services are an App, Developer grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to use the App for your personal, non-commercial use on authorized devices, unless otherwise specified. The App may not be copied, resold, or sublicensed. These Terms apply to all versions including, without limitation, free and paid versions and updates to the App.



The App may include measures to control access to the App (including age controls), prevent unauthorized copies, or otherwise attempt to prevent anyone from exceeding the limited rights and licenses granted under these Terms. You may not take any action to circumvent or defeat such security features. If you disable or otherwise tamper with the technical protection measures, your license to use the App or other Services will be automatically revoked.





2. Third-party product, services and links.

Developer may offer third-party products through the Services. You assume all risks and liabilities associated with the use of any such third-party products. Additionally, your rights and obligations regarding such products or services will be governed by the separate terms of use and privacy policies of the applicable third-party provider.



The Services may include hyperlinks to third-party websites over which Developer has no control. Developer is not responsible for the availability of such external, third-party sites or resources and will not be responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such third-party websites or resources.





3. Access to the services.

If you do not receive a pop-up that asks for your age when you first access a Game or when you are accessing the Website, then by using the Services and your continued access to such Services, you are affirming to Developer that you are at least 16 years old.



If you do receive a pop-up that asks for your age when you first access thea Game or when accessing the Website:



If you are under 18 years of age (or have not reached the age of a legal adult where you live, if that is not 18 years of age) you affirm that you have reviewed these Terms with your parent or guardian and they agrees to these Terms on your behalf and takes full responsibility for your compliance with these Terms.



If you are under 13 years of age, in addition to the above you must have explicit permission from your parent or guardian in order to use the Services.



If you do not have permission from your parent of guardian, certain features and functionality of the Services may be disabled.



As described in our Privacy Policy, we will either provide a version of that Game or Website that does not collect, use, or disclose your personal information, except as permitted by applicable data protection laws, including without limitation the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, or obtain legally valid parental consent prior to collecting, using or disclosing your personal information.



You may be required to register an account before using certain Services ("Account"). You may also be required or have the option to access the Services through a social networking service ("SNS"). Your Account is personal to you, and you may not rent, lease, sell, trade, gift, bequeath, or otherwise transfer it to anyone else. You agree to provide true and complete information about yourself when you register your Account and to keep it up to date. You may not have more than one Account or access the Services through more than one SNS at any given time. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and user name and for any activities that occur under or through your Account. Developer does not authorize use of automated methods to sign up for an Account, and Developer reserves the right to immediately terminate your access to the Services or your Account if you breach these Terms or otherwise violate any applicable law, rule, or regulation in your jurisdiction.



You are responsible for the internet connection and/or mobile charges that you may incur for accessing and/or using the Services.





4. In-app purchases.

A. In-game Virtual Currency and Virtual Items

The Service may include an opportunity for you to earn, buy or otherwise obtain in-game currency ("Virtual Currency") to access virtual, in-game digital goods or items ("Virtual Items"). Methods of obtaining Virtual Currency are at Developer's sole discretion. Virtual Currency is not real currency, do not have monetary value, and may not be redeemed for legal currency, or items of value outside of the Services.



Virtual Currency and Virtual Items obtained via the Service are provided to you under a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use within the Service. You have no property interest, right or title in or to any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items appearing or originating in the Service, and they may not be transferred or resold in any manner, including, without limitation, by means of any direct sale or auction service.



Developer has no liability for hacking or loss of your Virtual Currency or Virtual Items or any goods or services obtained via Virtual Currency. Developer has no obligation to, and will not, reimburse you for any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items obtained with Virtual Currency. Developer reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without prior notification, to change or limit the price, availability, or order quantity of any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items and to refuse to provide you with any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items.



Virtual Currency may have an expiration date. Virtual Currency and Virtual Items may be forfeited if: (a) your Account or access to the Services is terminated or suspended for any reason; (b) you breach these Terms; (c) Developer discontinues availability of the Service; or (d) you disassociate from the Service.



B. Subscriptions

In some of our Games, you may pay a fee for a subscription membership ("Subscription").



When you buy a Subscription, you agree to the following:

A Subscription fee will be charged to your chosen payment method in the app store of your device's platform ("App Store"). You will be charged the Subscription fee displayed at the time of sale; and

Your Subscription will automatically renew for the applicable length of your Subscription until either you or Developer cancels your Subscription. By way of example, if you buy a 3-month Subscription, the Subscription will automatically renew for another 3-month period (unless either you or Developer cancels your Subscription).

Canceling Subscriptions:

To stop automatic renewal of your Subscription and automatic withdrawal of Subscription fees, you must cancel your Subscription 24 hours before it renews for the length of the next Subscription period. You may cancel your Subscription at any time by managing the subscription settings at your App Store.

Other Subscription Terms:

To receive any daily rewards as part of your Subscription, you must open the game that you have the Subscription for. You will not receive rewards for the days on which you did not open the game.



C. Payments for Subscriptions, Virtual Currencies, and Virtual Items

When you pay for a Subscription, Virtual Currencies, and/or Virtual Items, all payments are charged and processed by the App Store (e.g. the Google Play store or the Apple App store), so please review your app store's payment terms for additional payment terms that may apply.



You agree that all payments for Virtual Currency, Virtual Items, and Subscriptions are final. No refunds will be given.





5. Online content and conduct.

The Services may include opportunities, through your Account or SNS, to chat or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums, discussion platforms, and other online or digital media platform that provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, or distribute to the world ("Social Platform(s)") links, writings, photos, graphics, or other material ("Social Platform Content"). All Social Platform Content posted by you to any Social Platform shall be your sole responsibility.



The Social Platforms shall be used only in a noncommercial manner. Social Platforms may be owned or made available by third parties and your rights and obligations regarding such third-party Social Platforms will be governed by the separate terms of use and privacy policies of the applicable third-party provider. Developer has the right, but not the responsibility, to monitor or remove or request removal of Social Platform Content that Developer believes to be harmful, offensive, or otherwise violates these Terms, without liability to you. Developer in its sole discretion, reserves the right to restrict or disable your use of the Social Platforms that is owns and makes available to you.



By submitting Social Platform Content to any Social Platform, you warrant that you have all necessary rights to submit the Social Platform Content without any restrictions of any kind, and grant to Developer a fully paid, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, unconditional, perpetual, right and license to use, reproduce, modify, publicly display and perform, make derivatives works of, sublicense, and distribute all such Social Platform Content in all media now known or later developed, and/or to incorporate such materials in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.



Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers or other information or content expressed or made available by third-parties in a Social Platform, are those of the respective authors and not of Developer or its affiliates, and Developer is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of same. Developer makes no representations or warranties regarding Social Platforms.



When using the Services or Social Platforms, you may not:



a) Use the Services of Social Platforms in any manner which violates applicable laws or regulations;

b) Post or transmit any Social Platform Content that: (i) violates a third party's rights or dignity, including any contract, privacy, publicity or intellectual property rights; (ii) is deceptive, untrue, harassing, libelous, defamatory, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, obscene, indecent, hateful, bigoted, racist or pornographic; (iii) would constitute or encourage a criminal offense; (iv) contains any viruses, worms or similar software; or (v) includes personal information about another person without that person's consent;

c) Impersonate or falsely state or represent your identity;

d) Engage in or facilitate the transmission of unsolicited mass mailings, or "spamming";

e) Distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation, promotion or advertising for goods or services;

f) Collect personal data about others for unlawful, commercial, or any other unauthorized purposes;

g) Access, or attempt to gain access to, another user's account without authorization;

h) Promote, encourage, or take part in any activity involving hacking, phishing, taking advantage of exploits or cheats and/or distribution of counterfeit software and/or counterfeit virtual currency/items;

i) Use any game hacking/altering/cheating software or tools;

j) Upload files that contain a virus, worm, spyware, time bombs, corrupted data or other computer programs that may damage, or otherwise interfere with the Services; or

k) Reverse engineer, decompile, or modify, or attempt to modify, any part of the Service.



You understand that you may be exposed to Social Platform Content and actions from other users that are indecent, explicit, offensive, or which otherwise violates these Terms ("Inappropriate Activity"). You can report actual or suspected Inappropriate Activity on Social Platforms owned or made available by Developer to ifrostgames@mail.ru. Developer will not be liable or responsible for any Inappropriate Activity occurring on or through third-party Social Platforms. Developer reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take any action against Inappropriate Activity that Developer believes to be harmful, offensive, or otherwise violates these Terms. You agree that Developer will not be liable to you or any third-party in any way for Social Platform Content, Inappropriate Activity, or for any damage or loss therefrom.





6. Title.

Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, any and all title, ownership, rights, interest and intellectual property rights in and to the Services including all content therein (collectively the "Developer Content") shall remain with Developer and/or its licensors, as applicable, and are protected by the copyright laws of the United Kingdom, the United States and other jurisdictions around the world via international copyright treaties. The names, logos, graphics, icons, and service names associated with the Developer Content are the trademarks, registered trademarks or trade dress of Developer or its licensors. You may not use, copy, transmit, modify, distribute, or create any derivative works from the Services or the Developer Content without prior written consent from Developer.



The Services may allow you to create content ("Your Content") that incorporates the Developer Content, including, but not limited, to photos incorporating elements or graphics from games, screenshots or a video of your game play. Developer retains all rights, title and interest in and to the Developer Content. You retain all rights to Your Content; provided, however, that by incorporating the Developer Content into Your Content, you grant Developer an exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sub-licensable worldwide right and license to Your Content for any purpose, including, but not limited to, the rights to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit, or otherwise communicate to the public by any means whether now known or unknown and distribute Your Content without any further notice or compensation to you. Except where prohibited by law, you hereby waive any moral rights of paternity, publication, reputation, or attribution with respect to Developer's use of Your Content.





7. Disclaimer of warranty and limit of liability.

DEVELOPER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTEE OF THE SUITABILITY OF THE SERVICES FOR YOUR PURPOSES, OR THAT THE USE OF THE SAME WILL BE SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR FUNCTION PROPERLY IN COMBINATION WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY TECHNOLOGY, HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEMS OR DATA.



THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ALL CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. FURTHER, DEVELOPER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES, OR TO THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, COMMUNICATIONS, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS AND SERVICE CONTAINED THEREIN. YOUR USE OF THE DEVELOPER SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.



DEVELOPER WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. CERTAIN REGIONAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.



YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT DEVELOPER IS NOT LIABLE, AND YOU AGREE NOT TO HOLD DEVELOPER LIABLE, FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD-PARTIES, INCLUDING OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES AND OTHER THIRD-PARTY SITES, AND THAT THE RISK OF USING OR ACCESSING THE SERVICES, AND OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING, RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.





8. Indemnification.

You agree to hold harmless, indemnify and defend Developer, its licensors, affiliates and suppliers and their respective officers, directors and employees, from and against any losses, damages, fines and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs) due to, arising out of, or relating to any information or item, including, without limitation, Your Content, Social Platform Content, and/or Inappropriate Activity you may submit, post, transmit or make available through the Social Platforms or Services, your use of the Social Platforms and Services, your connection to the Social Platforms and Services, your violation of these Terms, or your violation of any law, regulation or third-party right. Without limiting your indemnification obligations described herein, Developer reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.





9. Termination.

These Terms will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with any term hereof. You and Developer have the right to terminate or cancel your Account, at any time for any reason and without notice. Upon termination you shall immediately discontinue use of the Services. Your obligations under Sections 5, 6, 11, 13, and 14 shall survive any termination.





10. No assignment.

These Terms and the licenses granted to you herein are personal to you, and may not be assigned prior to obtaining Developer's express written consent.





11. Dispute resolution.

These Terms and all disputes and claims relating in any way to, or arising out of, these Terms, the Services, Social Platforms, Social Platform Content, Inappropriate Activity, Your Content, or your use of the software or Social Platforms shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of Ukraine, without regard to the conflicts of laws principle.

If you are located anywhere outside the Ukraine any dispute relating to this Agreement, the parties consent to the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of the courts of Ukraine and waive the right to any other venue.





12. Notification.

Any claims related to the Services should be addressed to:

Email: ifrostgames@mail.ru



13. Feedback.

Developer does not accept unsolicited feedback, suggestions or other information about the Services, the Developer Content or other aspects of its business. If you provide Developer with feedback or other ideas, you agree that Developer is free to use any feedback provided by you for any purpose (without compensation to you), including, without limitation, improving its products and services and creating derivative products.



14. General.

These Terms, along with the Privacy Policy, and any other privacy policy applicable to the specific Services you are using, constitute the complete and final agreement between Developer and you with respect to your use of the Services and may not be modified by you except in a writing duly signed by you and an authorized representative of Developer. You agree that your breach of these Terms will cause Developer immediate and irreparable harm and Developer will be entitled, notwithstanding Section 11 above, to seek injunctive relief without the necessity of posting bond. Developer and you are independent parties and nothing in these Terms creates an employment or agent relationship. If any provision herein is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed in that matter only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions. The failure of either party to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.



Developer may make changes to the Services, these Terms, or its Privacy Policy from time to time. Developer will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of any material changes. All such changes will become effective immediately upon notice and/or posting. If any of these changes are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any unchanged portions of the Services, these Terms, or the Privacy Policy. Developer may transfer or assign the Services, these Terms, or the Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, to any third-party of Developer's choosing. These Terms will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Developer's respective successors and assigns.



IFrostGames

Russia

Email: ifrostgames@mail.ru

